Add information on being a Maintainer (#136)
exercism/docs: community/becoming-a-maintainer.md

# Becoming a maintainer

## Introduction

> Our Maintainers are the people within Exercism that manage the different parts of our ecosystem. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our maintainers are the people within Exercism that manage the different parts of our ecosystem. 
```

Author: I'm treating "Maintainer" as a proper noun, in this document (same as I do Concepts elsewhere for example)

> We aim to have at least active two maintainers for each programming language track, and at least one active maintainer for all the parts of the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We aim to have at least active two maintainers for each Track, and at least one active maintainer for all the parts of the platform.
```

There are no non-programming language tracks. Track is title-cased below.

> We aim to have at least active two maintainers for each programming language track, and at least one active maintainer for all the parts of the platform.

Reviewer: > for all the parts of the platform.

Does this include the website? With the comments below, the current status of "website is core team only" would change.

> We have a formalised process for becoming and staying a maintainer, to make it achievable and fair for anyone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a formalised process for becoming and staying a maintainer, to make it achievable and fair for everyone.
```

> **You can be become a maintainer!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**You can become a maintainer!**
```

Read on to understand the responsibilities and the process.

> _Note: the second below generally discussses Track Maintainers. 

Reviewer 2: The second what below?

Reviewer 3: Section?

Author: ```suggestion
_Note: the sections below generally discuss Track Maintainers. 
```

The process for becoming a maintainer of a different part of the ecosystem is similar but a little looser._

## Responsibilities

Maintainers are responsible for ensuring that a Track works well within Exercism, and continues to grow and develop. 
That specifically means that maintainers:
- **Set technical direction for a track:** Choosing the right language versions, tooling, etc.
- **Manage the syllabus of a track:** Designing, choosing and defining the right Concepts and Exercises for a Track, and ensuring they are linked and structured appropriately.

> - **Ensure a traack track work well:** Ensuring the Track is up to date, that its test-runner is fast, etc.

Reviewer 4: Small typo nitpick
```suggestion
- **Ensure a track works well:** Ensuring the Track is up to date, that its test-runner is fast, etc.
```

> - **Ensure a traack track work well:** Ensuring the Track is up to date, that its test-runner is fast, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Ensure a track works well:** Ensuring the Track is up to date, that its test-runner is fast, etc.
```

> - **Ensure a traack track work well:** Ensuring the Track is up to date, that its test-runner is fast, etc.

Reviewer 5: Minor: Typo on "traack track"

Reviewer 5: nvm @ynfle got this above :)

> - **Ensure the track conforms to Exercism's standard:** Exercism has specifications and standards for each language Track to ensure a degree of consistency within the platform. While maintainers have free reign over much of the Track, all Tracks must conform to Exercism's standards.

Reviewer: The casing of "track" is all over the place here.

> - **Ensure the track conforms to Exercism's standard:** Exercism has specifications and standards for each language Track to ensure a degree of consistency within the platform. While maintainers have free reign over much of the Track, all Tracks must conform to Exercism's standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Ensure the track conforms to Exercism's standards:** Exercism has specifications and standards for each language Track to ensure a degree of consistency within the platform. While maintainers have free reign over much of the Track, all Tracks must conform to Exercism's standards.
```

Maintainers are also responsibile for interacting with our contributor community.

> They review PRs from community, acting as gatekeepers, shephards, and cheerleaders for our community.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
They review PRs from community, acting as gatekeepers, shepherds, and cheerleaders for our community.
```

> They review PRs from community, acting as gatekeepers, shephards, and cheerleaders for our community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They review PRs from the community, and act as gatekeepers, shephards, and cheerleaders for our community.
```

> They are responsible for keeping documentation and contribution guidelines up to date, and ensuring that there are relevant open issues for potential contributors to action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are responsible for keeping documentation and contribution guidelines up to date, and ensure that there are relevant open issues for potential contributors to action.
```

> It is essential that Maintainers manifest Exercism's values of empathy and kindness, while maintaining high standards for the Track and the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is essential that Maintainers manifest Exercism's values of empathy and kindness.
```

I'd leave out the second half or rephrase it. To me it sounds like these are somewhat contradictory the way it's currently phrased.

Author: I think often "being kind" can be associated with "letting anything go", so I want to have something which says the person's job is to enforce high standards in a kind and empathetic way.

Reviewer: > I think often "being kind" can be associated with "letting anything go"

I agree. But I think the current phrasing reinforces that (imo false) association rather than acknowledging it and stating that it's not correct.

Perhaps something along the lines of "It is essential that Maintainers maintain high standards for the Track and the platform. This includes their commitment to Exercism's values, such as empathy and kindness."?

## Powers

> The primary way that Maintainers are able to enact their responsibilities is by having the write access to repositories. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The primary way that Maintainers are able to enact their responsibilities is by having the right access to repositories. 
```

Author: This means "write access" (as in being allowed to write to a repo, or the write "bit")

> The primary way that Maintainers are able to enact their responsibilities is by having the write access to repositories. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary way that Maintainers are able to enact their responsibilities is by having write access to repositories. 
```

> The primary way that Maintainers are able to their enact their responsibilities is by having the write access to repositories. 

Reviewer 3: Flow of thought correction.

The primary way that Maintainers are able to enact their responsibilities

Author: ```suggestion
The primary way that Maintainers are able to enact their responsibilities is by having the write access to repositories. 
```

Through this Maintainers control what code goes into their repositories.

## Rewards

> The main incentives for being an Exercism Maintainer are intrinsic: working on a meaningful project; working with other smart, kind people; developing both technical and soft skills; having a meaningful out-of-work entry on your résumé.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main incentives for being an Exercism Maintainer are intrinsic. For example: working on a meaningful project; working with other smart, kind people; developing both technical and soft skills.
```

The incentives very likely vary between every maintainer. Rephrasing it makes it sound less like an absolute list and more like examples.

A résumé entry is the polar opposite of intrinsic motivation.

Author: I'm not sure I agree actually. Being able to put something on your resume is still a personal thing. No-one is offering you that "reward" - it's the ability to say "I've done this". ie the motivation is coming from within to do it, rather than from an external source. But I understand your point. I'll tweak tomorrow.

> The main incentives for being an Exercism Maintainer are intrinsic: working on a meaningful project; working with other smart, kind people; developing both technical and soft skills; having a meaningful out-of-work entry on your résumé.

Reviewer 2: Should the semi-colons be commas instead?  Or should this be a bullet list?

Author: I think it's ok as semicolons because there are commas within the individual list items.

Reviewer 2: I noticed that as well, which made me wish for a bullet list, given the colon.  Which then could become a semi-colon.

Reviewer 6: I think a bullet list could work well.

> We also provide some extra benefits in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also provide some extra benefits:
```

- A "Maintainer" badge on profiles and around the website.

> - Blog posts and interviews with maintainers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Blog posts and interviews with Maintainers.
```

> - A "Maintainer" badge on profiles and around the website.
> - Blog posts and interviews with maintainers.
> - Exclusive Maintainer swag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A "Maintainer" badge on profiles and around the website
- Blog posts and interviews with maintainers
- Exclusive Maintainer swag.
```

Or leave them out entirely, but they should be consistent.

> - Exclusive Maintainer swag

Reviewer 5: I like these ideas. I'm a sucker for swag (more stickers for my laptops, please!)

Author: Ha :D

## Maintainer requirements 

> Maintainers commit themselves to spending an average of ~4 hours per week on maintaining their Track(s).

Reviewer: Is this 4 hours per week per track or 4 hours per week across all tracks one maintains?

Author: The later. Although I'd argue if you regularly only have a limited time for a specific track, you're probably either really a contributor there, or in a "reviewing maintainer" state there (in which case I wouldn't list you as an official maintainer for that track).

> Maintainers commit themselves to spending an average of ~4 hours per week on maintaining their Track(s).

Reviewer 5: "Requirements" sounds maybe too much? Maybe this is more about "Achieving maintainer status"?

4 hours per week is too much (or maybe just too consistent?) for me to commit to. I've got a demanding job that bleeds outside office hours, and a number of other side projects, and will occasionally take a week or two off to focus on those.

Also, at least for the "smaller" languages, much smaller time investments can accomplish a lot. (So, maybe when the opportunity is high, at least, these requirements should be relaxed)

As it's worded now, if I came across this I probably would not have considered contributing to exercism tracks. Maybe I'd word it something like this:

```
## Achieving maintainer status

All contributions are gladly welcome. "Exercism Maintainer" status is intended for people who are
regularly involved. (See "Path to becoming a Maintainer" below)

The general expectation for maintainers is ~4 hours per week on average of maintenance effort.
Some communities may grant maintainer status at different levels of involvement.
```

Not saying "use this exact wording" cause it's off-the-cuff and a little clunky, (maybe just needs to be organized?) but just thinking that more flesh on the bones here can make this a little less scary before going into the nitty-gritty details below

Reviewer: > 4 hours per week is too much (or maybe just too consistent?) for me to commit to. I've got a demanding job that bleeds outside office hours, and a number of other side projects, and will occasionally take a week or two off to focus on those.

I don't think it is too much to state as a formal requirement. It's below what many if not most volunteering projects require as commitment. Considering that this is averaged over an unspecified time (6 months?), and you already get ~1.5h/week from merely attending the calls to keep up-to-date on what's going on, ~4h/w seem more than fair to me. Setting it too low might result in people accepting the role as maintainer when a normal contributor role might fit them better.

I think it's perfectly fine for a maintainer to do less than that in practice if there's a good reason but the up-front commitment should be sufficiently high.

> As it's worded now, if I came across this I probably would not have considered contributing to exercism tracks.

Perhaps it should be clarified that becoming a maintainer should not be seen as something "better" than contributor?

Author: >As it's worded now, if I came across this I probably would not have considered contributing to exercism tracks. 

Yeah, so as you go on to say in your example, you can contribute without being a maintainer though. In other large projects its normal to contribute for a year or two before getting maintainer privileges. Giving someone write-access to our repos is something we should protect I think.

I also think that for unmaintained (and especially unlaunched tracks such as Factor) the barrier is much lower. Getting 50 hours from someone over a year is wonderful and I might well give them maintainer rights for that, just so they can be autonomous. But still in general, if someone is only able to spend an hour a week, that's probably at most one PR, which the Reviewer Maintainers can check without that contributor needing to have that write-access.

I think we're all saying the same thing here really. I like your suggestion - I'll tweak and add it tomorrow.

Reviewer 2: @hiljusti 
> not have considered contributing to exercism tracks.

Not considered contributing because of a maintainer threshold?  Or did you mean to say you may not have considered becoming a maintainer?  Contributor threshold is much lower than this, and it would be unfortunate to not contribute because of a different thing.

Reviewer 6: > I think it's perfectly fine for a maintainer to do less than that in practice if there's a good reason but the up-front commitment should be sufficiently high.

I agree. We've just had so many maintainers that did not appreciate that maintaining a track does require quite a bit of effort. Preventing that from happening is important, as we want to be able to accurately communicate that a track is being actively maintained.

> Yeah, so as you go on to say in your example, you can contribute without being a maintainer though.

This 100%. We've had lots of this happening, where people start contributing and were then asked to become a maintainer later. At this point, having _this_ document becomes very important to get people to understand what it means to be a maintainer.

In other words, one of the goals of this document to me is to be able to point it to a potential maintainer and have that person be able to make an informed decision on whether that person wants to be a maintainer.

Author: I've rewritten the intro to incorporate these comments.

Reviewer 5: To @kotp question, I think what I was trying to articulate was it sounded like "please make a time commitment" and missed an idea of "all contributions welcome"

Granted, I kind of skimmed the doc out of order, I think the idea is there if you have better reading habits than me

Author: @hiljusti is the final version clearer? https://exercism.lol/docs/community/maintainers

### Path to becoming a Maintainer

On tracks that are actively maintained, you will be invited to become a Maintainer when you achieve 150 building and/or authoring reputation on that Track within a 6 month period. 

On tracks without maintainers, we have less rigorous restrictions.
After some small merged contributions, you can open an issue on the Track asking to become a Maintainer.

### Staying a maintainer

Every six months we check to see if our Maintainers are still active. 

> In those checks, anyone who has built 100 Reputation from building/authoring/maintaining track in previous 6 months is invited to continue being a maintainer.

Reviewer 2: Does this "invited to continue" happen to be an explicit thing, as in asking "Would you like to continue to be listed as a maintainer?"

Reviewer 2: Or is this triggering an invite to be listed as "Senior Maintainer"?

Author: Yeah, I think so. I think it's nice to not just presume people want to carry on, and good for Exercism to know who is committed for the next 6 month block of time. What do you think?

Reviewer 2: This infers that there would be a time limit to respond.  Those in the miliary may have duty times that exceed a "reasonable response time" for most people, where they may not be able to respond in "t" amount of time.  So the continuation and an invite to be listed as Senior Maintainer, I think are two different things.

Reviewer 6: I agree. I think there can be cases where someone has built 100 Reputation but where we don't want that person to become a Senior Maintainer.

> In general those who have done little or nothing during that window, will be removed as Maintainers.

Reviewer: Perhaps this should specify that there are exceptions, for example when there's little to do on the track overall.

Reviewer 6: Agreed.

Author: ```suggestion
In general those who have done little or nothing during that window, will be removed as Maintainers.
This is a guiding principle rather than an absolute rule, and we take into consideration a person's personal circumstances and the state of Track before confirming these decisions.
```

### Senior Track Maintainers

> Once a Maintainer has shown themselves to take active leadership within a track, and been a Maintainer on that Track for at least 6 months, we may designate them a Senior Maintainer. The general metrics we use are a Maintainer having earned >=1k rep from building/maintenance on a track, and earned > 200 rep from building/maintaining track in the last 6 months.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once a Maintainer has shown themselves to take active leadership within a track, and been a Maintainer on that Track for at least 6 months, we may designate them a Senior Maintainer.
The general metrics we use are a Maintainer having earned => 1k reputation from building/maintening a track, and earned > 200 reputation from building/maintaining track in the last 6 months.
```
Two changes there, one is "sentence per line" the other is ">=" vs "=>".  Equal to or greater than makes more sense to me than greater than or equal to.  Also, grammar in there.

Author: Thanks. Happy with the sentence thing. But `>=` is normally correct in code whereas `=>` isn't (e.g. in Ruby) so I think I'd rather leave this in the `>=` format.

Author: I've switch to prose. Thanks :)

> Once a Maintainer has shown themselves to take active leadership within a track, and been a Maintainer on that Track for at least 6 months, we may designate them a Senior Maintainer. The general metrics we use are a Maintainer having earned >=1k rep from building/maintenance on a track, and earned > 200 rep from building/maintaining track in the last 6 months.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a Maintainer has shown themselves to take active leadership within a track, and been a Maintainer on that Track for at least 6 months, we may designate them a Senior Maintainer. 
The general metrics we use to determine this are that a Maintainer having earned at least 1k Reputation from building/maintenance on a track, and at least 200 Reputation from building/maintaining track in the last 6 months, but we take each situation on a case-by-case basis.
```

Better yet: switch to "more than" or other prose.

Reviewer 6: "The general metrics we use" suggests this, but should we make it even more explicit that this is just some data to help is determine Senior Maintainers, but that we can use other (arbitrary) reasons to do so too?

> Senior Maintainers take on added responsibility within a track, mentoring new Maintainers, and taking a stronger leadership position within a Track. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Senior Maintainers take on added responsibility within a track, mentoring new Maintainers, and taking a stronger leadership position within a Track.
```

This sounds a bit off due to the double "take" to me. Not sure how to phrase it better, though.

Reviewer 2: Also the trailing whitespace is gone in the suggested change, which I approve of!

> In decisions where there are different approaches, the opinions of Senior Maintainers hold more sway in the eyes of any arbitration by the Admin Team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In decisions where there are different approaches, the opinions of Senior Maintainers are weighted heavier by the Admin Team in situations that require arbitration or a decision by an uninvolved party.
```

I had never heard of "sway" as a noun before.

Reviewer 2: I don't think it is rare in the US, but it could be in England, Australia, and other areas where English is spoken or written.  But it has a fairly  strong hold in the English language, introduced only 7 centuries ago, and not archaic in use from what I have seen.  This is one of the more familiar uses that I have seen.

Author: ```suggestion
In decisions where there are different opinions that require arbitration by the Admin Team, the opinions of Senior Maintainers will by default hold more sway.
```

Author: I'm ok with keeping "hold more sway". It's also extremely common in the UK.

Senior Maintainers are designated on the track with a "Senior Maintainer" badge.

> # Reviewer Maintainers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Reviewer Maintainers
```

The final category of Maintainers are our Reviewer Maintainers — maintainers who work across multiple tracks, reviewing and merging PRs, but do not take proactive or leadership positions on a Track. 
Reviewer Maintainers hare highly trusted members of the Exercism team who have been part of Exercism for at least a year and been Maintainers of at least one track.
They are invited to become Reviewer Maintainers by Exercism Admins. 
Membership is reviewed on a six-monthly basis without any formal requirements.

> For Tracks that have fewer than two maintainers, the Reviewers team is automatically added to the Track repository, where they are given write access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Tracks that have fewer than two maintainers, the Reviewers team is automatically added to the Track repository, where they are given write access.
This ensures that review requirements can always be met.
```

# Becoming a maintainer

## Introduction

> Our Maintainers are the people within Exercism that manage the different parts of our ecosystem. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our Maintainers are the people within Exercism that manage the different parts of our ecosystem.
```

We aim to have at least active two maintainers for each Track, and at least one active maintainer for all the parts of the platform.

We have a formalised process for becoming and staying a maintainer, to make it achievable and fair for everyone.
**You can become a maintainer!**
Read on to understand the responsibilities and the process.

> _Note: the sections below generally discuss Track Maintainers. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_Note: the sections below generally discuss Track Maintainers.
```

The process for becoming a maintainer of a different part of the ecosystem is similar but a little looser._

## Responsibilities

> Maintainers are responsible for ensuring that a Track works well within Exercism, and continues to grow and develop. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Maintainers are responsible for ensuring that a Track works well within Exercism, and continues to grow and develop.
```

That specifically means that maintainers:
- **Set technical direction for a track:** Choosing the right language versions, tooling, etc.
- **Manage the syllabus of a track:** Designing, choosing and defining the right Concepts and Exercises for a Track, and ensuring they are linked and structured appropriately.
- **Ensure a track works well:** Ensuring the Track is up to date, that its test-runner is fast, etc.
- **Ensure the track conforms to Exercism's standards:** Exercism has specifications and standards for each language Track to ensure a degree of consistency within the platform. While maintainers have free reign over much of the Track, all Tracks must conform to Exercism's standards.

Maintainers are also responsibile for interacting with our contributor community.

> They review PRs from community, acting as gatekeepers, shepherds, and cheerleaders for our community.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
They review PRs from the community, acting as gatekeepers, shepherds, and cheerleaders for Exercism.
```

They are responsible for keeping documentation and contribution guidelines up to date, and ensure that there are relevant open issues for potential contributors to action.

> It is essential that Maintainers manifest Exercism's values of empathy and kindness, while maintaining high standards for the Track and the platform.

Author: ```suggestion
Maintainers should both embody Exercism's values of empathy and kindness, and maintain the high standards we want to build into our educational platform.
```

## Powers

> The primary way that Maintainers are able to enact their responsibilities is by having write access to repositories. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The primary way that Maintainers are able to enact their responsibilities is by having write access to repositories.
```

Through this Maintainers control what code goes into their repositories.

## Rewards

> The main incentives for being an Exercism Maintainer are intrinsic: working on a meaningful project; working with other smart, kind people; developing both technical and soft skills; having a meaningful out-of-work entry on your résumé.

Author: ```suggestion
The main incentives for being an Exercism Maintainer tend to be intrinsic: e.g. the fun of building something meaningful and useful with other likeminded people, 
There are also career benefits such as improving your personal network, developing both technical and soft skills. and having a meaningful out-of-work entry on your résumé.
```

We also provide some extra benefits:
- A "Maintainer" badge on profiles and around the website.
- Blog posts and interviews with Maintainers.

> - Exclusive Maintainer swag

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
- Exclusive Maintainer swag.
```

> ## Maintainer requirements 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Maintainer requirements
```

Maintainers commit themselves to spending an average of ~4 hours per week on maintaining their Track(s).

### Path to becoming a Maintainer

> On tracks that are actively maintained, you will be invited to become a Maintainer when you achieve 150 building and/or authoring reputation on that Track within a 6 month period. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On tracks that are actively maintained, you will be invited to become a Maintainer when you achieve 150 building and/or authoring reputation on that Track within a 6 month period.
```

On tracks without maintainers, we have less rigorous restrictions.

> After some small merged contributions, you can open an issue on the Track asking to become a Maintainer.

Reviewer 6: Do we want to mention/give ourselves the option of asking people to become a Maintainer? That was how I became a Maintainer and how many of the C#/F# Maintainers started out.

### Staying a maintainer

> Every six months we check to see if our Maintainers are still active. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every six months we check to see if our Maintainers are still active.
```

> In those checks, anyone who has built 100 Reputation from building/authoring/maintaining track in previous 6 months is invited to continue being a maintainer.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
In those checks, anyone who has built 100 Reputation from building/authoring/maintaining track in the previous 6 months is invited to continue being a maintainer.
```

In general those who have done little or nothing during that window, will be removed as Maintainers.

### Senior Track Maintainers

Once a Maintainer has shown themselves to take active leadership within a track, and been a Maintainer on that Track for at least 6 months, we may designate them a Senior Maintainer. The general metrics we use are a Maintainer having earned >=1k rep from building/maintenance on a track, and earned > 200 rep from building/maintaining track in the last 6 months.

Senior Maintainers take on added responsibility within a track, mentoring new Maintainers, and taking a stronger leadership position within a Track. 
In decisions where there are different approaches, the opinions of Senior Maintainers hold more sway in the eyes of any arbitration by the Admin Team.

Senior Maintainers are designated on the track with a "Senior Maintainer" badge.

### Reviewer Maintainers

> The final category of Maintainers are our Reviewer Maintainers — maintainers who work across multiple tracks, reviewing and merging PRs, but do not take proactive or leadership positions on a Track. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The final category of Maintainers are our Reviewer Maintainers — maintainers who work across multiple tracks, reviewing and merging PRs, but do not take proactive or leadership positions on a Track.
```

> Reviewer Maintainers hare highly trusted members of the Exercism team who have been part of Exercism for at least a year and been Maintainers of at least one track.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Reviewer Maintainers are highly trusted members of the Exercism team who have been part of Exercism for at least a year and have been Maintainers of at least one track.
```

> They are invited to become Reviewer Maintainers by Exercism Admins. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
They are invited to become Reviewer Maintainers by Exercism Admins.
```

## Powers

The primary way that Maintainers are able to enact their responsibilities is by having write access to repositories.
Through this Maintainers control what code goes into their repositories.

## Rewards

The main incentives for being an Exercism Maintainer tend to be intrinsic: e.g. the fun of building something meaningful and useful with other likeminded people, 
There are also career benefits such as improving your personal network, developing both technical and soft skills. and having a meaningful out-of-work entry on your résumé.

We also provide some extra benefits:
- A "Maintainer" badge on profiles and around the website.
- Blog posts and interviews with Maintainers.
- Exclusive Maintainer swag.

## Maintainer requirements

Maintainers commit themselves to spending an average of ~4 hours per week on maintaining their Track(s).

### Path to becoming a Maintainer

On tracks that are actively maintained, you will be invited to become a Maintainer when you achieve 150 building and/or authoring reputation on that Track within a 6 month period.

On tracks without maintainers, we have less rigorous restrictions.

> After some small merged contributions, you can open an issue on the Track asking to become a Maintainer.

Author: ```suggestion
After some small merged contributions, you can open an issue on the Track asking to become a Maintainer.
We may also invite you to become a Maintainer if we notice you contributing to these lesser-maintained tracks regularly.
```
